# Placemark Activity Bugs

First address some bugs that crept in during the refactor to MVP.

## Bug 1 - Menubar

First, the Placemark menu bar is misconfigured - it seems to always show `save` and `cancel` but no longer delete. This is fixed with this single change:

## PlacemarkView

```kotlin
  override fun onCreateOptionsMenu(menu: Menu): Boolean {
    menuInflater.inflate(R.menu.menu_placemark, menu)
    if (presenter.edit) menu.getItem(0).setVisible(true)
    return super.onCreateOptionsMenu(menu)
  }
```

We detect `edit` mode, and only reveal the `delete` button in that case.

## Bug 2 - Inadvertent clearing of Placemark properties

The second bug is more insidious. When we edit a placemark we can add/change the image and also the location without any difficulty. However, when we create a new placemark, enter a name and description and then add an image, the name and description are cleared each time we return from the image picker.(try this now to see the bug in action).

The cause of this is the loss of the transient (unsaved) properties when we load the external (image picker) activity. The solution is to cache the properties before we launch the picker (and the location) activities. First, introduce a new method in the Presenter for this purpose:

## PlacemarkPresenter

```kotlin
  fun cachePlacemark (title: String, description: String) {
    placemark.title = title;
    placemark.description = description
  }
```

Then we can call this before launching the activities:

## PlacemarkView

```kotlin
    chooseImage.setOnClickListener {
      presenter.cachePlacemark(placemarkTitle.text.toString(), description.text.toString())
      presenter.doSelectImage()
    }

    placemarkLocation.setOnClickListener {
      presenter.cachePlacemark(placemarkTitle.text.toString(), description.text.toString())
      presenter.doSetLocation()
    }
```

## Bug 3: Delete

Currently delete seems to not remove the placemark (try it). A debug trace will trigger the delete function correctly:

## PlacemarkJSONStore

```kotlin
  override fun delete(placemark: PlacemarkModel) {
    placemarks.remove(placemark)
    serialize()
  }
```

However, this no longer performs correctly. Replace it with the following:

```kotlin
  override fun delete(placemark: PlacemarkModel) {
    val foundPlacemark: PlacemarkModel? = placemarks.find { it.id == placemark.id }
    placemarks.remove(foundPlacemark)
    serialize()
  }
```

Here we locate the placemark by Id - and then remove that specific placemark from the data structure.
