## Solution

Placemark application so far:

- [placemark-06.zip](archives/placemark-06.zip)

## Exercise 1: Switching Stores

Change back to using the PlacemarkMemStore instead of PlacemarkJSONStore. The only change you need to make should be in MainApp.

Try some experiments to make sure the persistence is working as expected:

- Using MemStore - create some placemarks and then kill the app. Relaunch, and verify that all placemarks are gone
- Using JsonStore - try the same experiment. This time the placemarks should persist between application terminations.

## Exercise 2: PlacemarkJSONStore update method

Complete the implementation of the update method in the PlacemarkJSONStore class. Use the corresponding method in PlacemarkMemStore as a guide (and don't forget to save changes to the file).

## Exercise 3

Currently we have no way of deleting placemarks. To support delete, you will need to extend the PlacemarkStore to support removal of placemarks, and then implement this in PlacemarkMemStore and PlacemarkJSONStore These are the implementations you will need:

## PlacemarkStore

```kotlin
  fun delete(placemark: PlacemarkModel)
```

Introduce this to PlacemarkStore now - and write implementations in `PlacemarkMemStore` and `PlacemarkJSONStore` classes :

## PlacemarkMemStore

```kotlin
  override fun delete(placemark: PlacemarkModel) {
    placemarks.remove(placemark)
  }
```

## PlacemaekJSONStore

```kotlin
  override fun delete(placemark: PlacemarkModel) {
    placemarks.remove(placemark)
    serialize()
  }
```

To trigger the actual deletion introduce a new `delete` button alongside the `cancel` button on the PlacemarkActivity. Pressing this button should trigger the delete method.
